Hannah Kim

My project is an audio converter that allows users to 
convert WAV files to MP3 files.

1. Home page displays the actual service that asks 
    users to choose a file they wish to convert,
    and requires users to specify the bitrate before 
    uploading. Users can navigate to other pages by 
    clicking this menu icon. Users can go to the 
    About Us page where they can read about what this 
    service does and how to use it.
    FAQ page shows a list of frequently asked 
    questions. If they are not able to find the 
    exact question they have,
    they can always use the Contact Us feature.
    Contact Us button will navigate the users to the 
    contact us page where they can send any questions 
    they might have.

2. The feature that uses the microservice my partner 
    provided is the WAV file to MP3 file conversion.
    When users upload a file with a specified bitrate,
     my partner's microservice will do the conversion 
     and automatically download the converted MP3 file
      onto the user's local device. 

3. Heuristics #1: The About Us page describes the 
        benefits of using this service 
    #2: There is a pop up that lets the user know that 
        the upload will only take about 30 seconds.
    #3: The menu bar in the header lets users decide
        the specific information they want to look at.
        If they want to know more specifically about 
        the service, they can navigate to the About Us
        page where it describes the service in detail.
    #4: To keep familiar features available, the icons 
        used in the project were basic enough for the
        general public to understand (ex. hamburger style).
        Buttons are descriptive which makes its function
        obvious. 
    #5: undo/redo and backtracking is available through
        the cancel buttons. When users press Choose a File,
        they can always cancel the upload by pressing the
        cancel button. Even after users press upload, a pop
        up will double check with the user if they want to
        upload the specified file. 
    #6: The features are placed in the order they should
        be performed. The Choose a File button is the 
        biggest button and the first thing users would see.
        Once the file has been uploaded, the next thing down
        the line is specifying the bitrate. The last thing
        should be pressing the upload button. Even if 
        users can the order wrong, a pop up will let them 
        know what to do. The How To section also shows
        users step by step.
    #7: a FAQ page and contact us page is available for 
        users who need more assistance performing a task.
    #8: If a user hasn't selected a file or bitrate 
        before uploading, a popup will show up.

4. A quality attribute that I reflected in my software is 
    Responsiveness; How quick the webpage responds to 
    the user’s requested action is a big factor of 
    the user’s experience with the webpage. The audio
    converter service only takes less than 30 seconds for
    the whole process.
5. (go through code)